now fairytales are not like Mother Goose
vines that are based on tax into the
people fairy tales or fantasies they are
fun to read I rated myself every night
but nobody really believes them couple
Eva Oh Herman he's so funny
big joke Oh anyway
fairy tales are full of imaginary
characters who are loaded with magical
powers like Cinderella's fairy godmother
she could change a pumpkin into a coach
or mices into mangas and anything else
into him anything else
I believe me then else Pinocchio's good
fairy
with a wave of a stick she changed him
I'm a wooden puppet into a genuine early
alive boy
I believe it and then there are bad
fairies like the one in Sleeping Beauty
who turned herself into a fire-breathing
dragon I believe it
then you're already sure to find a
wicked queen like the one and snow white
she dykes some of our own black magic
and turned herself into our dick and
offer max oh boys dead hard to swallow
but I believe it anyway
Sherman I could smash you I believe that
ish in fairy tales you will find all
kinds of Giants there is more joints and
the big economy saw his Giants like the
one in Jack and the Beanstalk that's a
little big joint it's really an old
fairy tale Jack and the Beanstalk you
know ever can do Louise used to tell it
American Indians told it and everybody
practically who told his tale gave it
different characters but no matter who
told it it was always the same story and
they all used to say magic beans and
this beans is the same ones I am going
to imagine in the story I am going to
dream up
Once Upon a long time ago there was a
place called Happy Valley and it was
called Happy Valley because everyone
there was very happy this place was
really beautiful it was one of nature's
garden spots
nestled among green going kills with a
babbling book bubbling and babbling as
it flowed through the valley the winding
goats all lined up with high trees lush
fields and prosperous farms all over the
place and they apply on the hill
overlooking the valley just stood up big
red dawn no what am I say I mean there
was a big castle and inside the castle
there must kept our real precious thing
boy could
lisam what a sunny sky kind of makes you
sigh in a happy way but a very merry day
all the world is gay when your cares on
light and your heart takes life and
you're swept away
the air is sweet but colder the clouds
are turning over oh yes they're turning
over just show their silver lining lie
but a happy day never knew such bliss
never read of this son of a car play
have a lovely day what a great big
gorgeous Junction come through I'm just
I'm go I'm just simply scrumptious what
a happy day
mmm
I what a happy day never knew such bliss
never end up this in a book or play but
a lovely day
but a great big gorgeous Suns you
stopping punctures honking abusive
destructive oh yes sir
cast a magic spell of happiness and
prosperity over the whole valley but it
was too good to last
us one day a mysterious shadow crept
over the valley and something offered